1. A View is anything being displayed on the screen. A ViewGroup is a collection of views.
    The View Hierarchy the display of how views are related to each other.
2. The Linear Layout is rendered by stacking all its views on top of each other in a single row.
    The Constraint Layout is rendered based on specific margins you have given to each view. It is
    a more flexible layout as it allows you to give margins based on other views in the layout.
    The Coordinator Layout is used for a specific interaction with one or more child views. Each
    view is given a Behavior or a default is given to it which can be used how it interacts with other
    views.The Grid Layout renders its views in a grid pattern where a specific number of columns and
    rows are given and the views are then put into each space of the grid. The Relative Layout eliminates
    nested view groups and keeps the hierarchy flat. You have to define the position of each view
    using layout properties.
3. A listener is a method that is called when the user does something that the developer wants to be
    notified of like clicking a button.
4. Java garbage collection is an automatic collector and destroy of objects not in use or
    unreachable. You can make a variable unreachable by nullifying the reference variable,
    re-assigning the reference variable, or if the object is created inside method.
5. The software development lifecycle is the Agile method which is based on an iterative development
    process. In agile your iterative cycles are called sprints. A sprint is usually a two week period
    where you are given tasks or stories to complete within that week. Each task is measured in the
    amount of time it would take to complete it which are called story points. Each story point is
    four hours of work. You are given a number of tasks that combined take up around 20 story points
    of time. Within the sprint there are meetings to monitor and update the team on your progress.
    Sprint planning is the first meeting and it is done usually the first day of the sprint where
    your plan out what you are doing for that sprint like assigning stories. Each morning you have a
    daily stand-up meeting where you meet with your team and each answer three questions; What did I
    do yesterday, what am i doing today and what problems are in the foreseeable future. Half way
    through the sprint you will have a grooming session where you make adjustments to the sprint to
    make the deadline like removing stories or adjusting the amount of time it will take to do those
    stories. The day before the sprint ends is the demo where you showcase your work and receive
    validation for the work you made during the sprint.